[interactive] Fix #17740: `az interactive` fails with `progress_patch() got an unexpected keyword argument 'det'` (#3636)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/interactive/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============

0.4.5
+++++

> * Fix issue #17740: "az aks create" fails with "progress_patch() got an unexpected keyword argument 'det'".

Reviewer: This issue doesn't only affect `az aks create`:

```suggestion
* Fix #17740: `az interactive` with `progress_patch() got an unexpected keyword argument 'det'`
```
